hello everyone with you versions kai super
cool halloween give away
i promised you gigo weine 100,000
subscribers I keep my word I do not
expected this moment to come
soon thank you so much
I decided to time this hero immediately
two events 100,000 subscribers on my
channel and the upcoming halloween itself advance
beach nai holiday of the year you probably
worried about where my man's buckles are
they trooped off to celebrate
halloween party with me
left only skeleton instead of matryoshka
It seems to take a pumpkin
so in the last time gidona and will
held at three sites or here
VKontakte and Instagram reminding you
you can take part in three
sweepstakes it is not forbidden
vice versa welcome
let's start of course with youtube then you are you
the winner of which will receive from me
halloween witch caste doll
first to take part in
youtube giveaway you need to be
To subscribers of my channels 3 pers
and the version to put like this video
just leave some under it
any comment winning comment
will be chosen randomly
but don't forget that repeating and
meaningless comments can
automatically please spam and now
a little suprise on u tube
two whole places and the second winner
will receive from me as a gift baby houlin
from the cry loss second collection
the winner will also be a random selection
way winner business vkontakte
get real tidbit hum
an hour of firmware and catherine de meow in order
to participate givova and vkontakte you
need to become a member of my group
in contact with
make repost focus notes to yourself on
a wall that is tell friends
the winner will also be chosen randomly
way but that's not all in contact
there will also be a second winner who
will receive a gift to Venus coffein bean you are 100
a gram of guevara will be one but very cool
prize this operetta from the collection eat
dinner this doll is perfect
halloween theme of my video because
that she dressed frankie like
gathered covered the Minsk party for
order to participate in instagram ki
his account and need to fold my account
instagram without review there I'll post
The image is dedicated to this belova to you
need to take a screenshot and put this
picture to yourself in instagram required
specify in the comment hashtag peach it
in their link to my account version view
lucky winner will be determined
random and two more important
of the moment to participate and you would
residents of all countries will be summed up
November 29th to all great good luck and
The video does not end there now
you a gift from peaches earlier for one
video I chose one such
subscriber
now see how much is around me
Cook I could not choose one thing
in the fact that you are faithful sincere
It became very interesting and in this
since it was not so hard to make a choice, I
I can only say thank you so much
a lot of cool and interesting with me and
please don't be offended by me and
treat with understanding because I am alone
I have a lot of you physically
give presents to everyone but stop
I don't want this tradition either, but now
just rejoice for those who receive from
me a doll after all the next time on their
place you can be and you baby Hall
surrender, I want to give caught terrible
psychologist this person knows how I am
wounded as i take everything close to
heart and he is always ready to help me and
to support
and he's very cool kite fleet
monsters and you can discuss any
new items
batik marshals is a doll for you
thank you so much for being with me
start and that you are always there for my
the decision affects not only the amount
comments size them and the fact that I am very
I greatly appreciate this in people and in this
girls i saw her fully i
I want to award March Gumilyov for the most
touching letter you surely remember
write that moment in my video
where I burst into tears and it was the first
1 generally for shooting March you are very low
not very kind man I know that
do you like operetta and I'm happy
Daria youtube
the next doll 2nd cuffin bean i want
give Komsomol activist my
walls and groups italy miller no thanks
you for your active for your smilies
for showing such interest to you
everything i do for you
control order in my group and on
wall in general you make me happy every
day keep it up and this doll goes to
rightfully can't even imagine how
nice to make these gifts every time
when calling the next name is straight
I worry and I think that now you are a man
feels think to and actually want
announce the next lucky days
this girl she gets from me in
gift work coffee bin and care and a
or rather her nickname on y tube is
Alex's dollhouse and still not
I know what their name is in a girl
sasha alexander lexa in general no matter i
I think you understand that you are talking about you
with me very very long time and i love your
comment they are very sincere and
real thanks to you i hope you
stay with me and on and Lovino bk
I want to give this unusual doll
storm from collections critic using very
unusual girls her name is Dasha 3
Islamists clearly
and the fact that she is real for what she writes
yourself a straightforward comment on what
she is not afraid to disagree with me who
what she writes what she thinks so
thank you very much I really need
These are the real fans that I
I can hear the truth, I really hope that
this is more like you like the video
unpacking the package I left again on
dessert this strange doll as you remember
is this doll me stick zombiu which
will fall
and it's true dolls how to rule from me in
the gift is very extraordinary and interesting
girls let me have her a little
I will describe
and you try to guess who she is I
I think some of you and u know this
girl enjoys dolls she is also not
you collect from the chip around them when
that she collects a doll with
different things
and she loves all kinds of unusual dolls and
order to make her a nerve gift
left in her album Wishlist and saw there
here such dolls together to only vampires
I did not find vampires I think that these
dolls
This is very much like the open
intrigue this girl name is Elena Sudakova
No, I wanted to give you a gift
Covered and for the fact that you are very sincere and
very open to my videos I am not familiar with
you personally but hope someday
maybe this will happen because to me
really want a job introduces and when I
watching your videos I wonder how you can
to be so not fake and real
it is very cool it is rare now
thank you very much continues to shoot
their wonderful day about their own who shelves
and I really hope that these are dolls
you get accustomed and very much you
like in general and for whom I hope I
guess from the election happy you
halloween and happy business
forget to participate more often
smile lover cats by the way you
noticed that I have seals on my desk
cat on pumpkins
and that's such a funny cat and all
pumpkin ourselves mixtures whom they cut
all real even this baby
I hope you appreciate our efforts personally
I am very cool to be in such
Bye for now